hi and welcome to how to play old school
12 bar blues part 4 today we're going to
be learning how to play our chords and
punch in some flavor notes like that
we're going to be going to the e7 now
we're going to take that pinkie and go
to the high E string at the third fret
punch it in come out then go to a7 punch
that note Ian again and come back to our
East 7 go something like this
real cool and really easy to so when you
go to your East seven you want to go and
then go like that now as I'm playing
that I'm strumming up and down and on
the 3b we go to that high G so it's one
two three like that
I said on
three two three four
okay so you can see I important that 3b
is in there so you're going one two
three four one two three four one two
three
for a 7 2 3 4 1
more
three
b7
hey seven
he's seven
and then back to your fourth fret e
seven for your ending right and that's
how easy that is we're just playing the
e seven punching in that at high G
whenever we needed okay
now one more thing while we're here let
me show you a cool ending that we're
going to use a scale to play it's going
to sound like this
alright alright we'll start with the E
minor pentatonic scale it's gonna go
something like this
we're going to start here at the high
Chi at the third fret using the third
finger G open D open
then we're going to move to the second
fret on the g string and go open to open
to open on the a string and down to the
g string third fret and bend that a
little bit if you can
and then openiy so that was three open
three opening to open to open to open
three with a pin and then e seven
now you're going to go into that ending
as you come out of your 12 bar blues and
that's gonna be on the last measure okay
so we're going to be going B seven a
seven
one
just like that okay
now let's do our entire progression here
it goes 1 2 3 4
hey seven
all right